#sidebar SidebarHome

====Ander04====
Ander, M., Beltrao, P., Ventura, B. D., Ferkinghoff-Borg, J., Foglierini, M., Lemerle,
C., Tomas-Oliveira, I., and Serrano, L. (2004). Smartcell, a framework to
simulate cellular processes that combines stochastic approximation with diffusion
and localisation: analysis of simple networks. _Systems Biology_, *1*(1), 129–138.

====Elf03====
Elf, J., Doncic, A., and Ehrenberg, M. (2003). Mesoscopic reaction-diffusion in
intracellular signaling. volume 5110, pages 114–124. SPIE.

====Erban07====
Erban, R., Chapman, J., and Maini, P. K. (2007). A practical guide to stochastic simulations of reaction-diffusion processes. http://arxiv.org/abs/0704.1908v2.

====Gibson00====
Michael A. Gibson and Jehoshua Bruck (2000).  "Efficient Exact Stochastic Simulation of Chemical Systems with Many Species and Many Channels." Journal of Physical Chemistry A, *104*(9), 1876-1889.

====Gillespie77====
Gillespie, D. T. (1976). A general method for numerically simulating the stochastic
time evolution of coupled chemical reactions. _Journal of Computational Physics_,
*22*(4), 403–434.

====Hattne05====
Hattne, J., Fange, D., and Elf, J. (2005). Stochastic reaction-diffusion simulation with
MesoRD. _Bioinformatics_, *21*(12), 2923–2924.

====Li06====
Li, H. and Petzold, L. (2006). Logarithmic direct method for discrete stochastic
simulation of chemically reacting systems. Technical report, Department of
Computer Science, University of California, Santa Barbara.

====Lis09====
Lis, M., Artyomov, M. N., Devadas, S., and Chakraborty, A. K. (2009). Efficient
stochastic simulation of reaction-diffusion processes via direct compilation.
_Bioinformatics_, *25*(17), 2289–2291.

====Rodriguez06====
Rodriguez, J. V., Kaandorp, J. A., Dobrzy ́ ski, M., and Blom, J. G. (2006). Spatial
stochastic modelling of the phosphoenolpyruvate-dependent phosphotransferase
(pts) pathway in escherichia coli. _Bioinformatics_, *22*(15), 1895–1901.

====Vigelius10====
Vigelius, M., Meyer, B., and Lane, A. (2010). Accelerating Reaction-Diffusion Simulations with General-Purpose Graphics Processing Units. _in preparation_